I'm burnt down screw this we need just 20 million dollars Netflix. How much would you pay me?
Yeah, we're in to do every other day. We'd have mental breakdowns. You're funny. You want a job?
Just put this out there. I did not enjoy being married. Why? She's a quarrelist right now.
So I make videos.
What's up everyone? Welcome to the Colin and Samir show. I'm Samir. I'm Colin and every
week on this channel we talk about the latest in the world of creators. So if that interests you,
make sure to subscribe. After we put out our breakdown video about our time with Mr. Beast,
a lot of people in the comments were asking for the full interview. This is the longest episode
on our channel, but for us experiencing 72 hours with Jimmy was so educational and we pulled so much
value from just being with him. I feel like spending the time to watch this full interview can
really teach you a lot about Mr. Beast and just a lot about the career of being a creator.
This episode of the Colin and Samir shows brought to you by Jelly Smack. If you want to check
them out, the link is in the description, but more on them later in this episode. Colin, roll the intro.
All right, so I have a question for you. Can you describe to everyone watching where we are right now?
Yes, so I got a mic on so I can move around a little bit.
I just bought this brand new studio and a hundred acres of land around it.
This is where we're filming all our videos going from, not all, but all our indoor shoots going
forward. I mean, ask me more questions. There's so much to talk about. How much do this cost and
how long in the making has this been? So the land around it, obviously the studio, the renovations
and everything, and obviously we don't pay it all up front, but in total it'll cost over $10 million.
But it's probably not a good way to start it because there's so much explanation. It seems
excessive. Why would you just buy this? The reason we bought this is because I've spent the entire
day explaining to you, we had office and a bigger office than a studio, than a bigger studio,
than a third studio, and now it's consolidating. It's a weird way to start it because now it just
sounds like I'm being expensive and lavish for no reason. There's a strategic reason why.
You know what I mean? You obviously, you started in your bedroom at the cost of zero.
Exactly. But still, I'd love to work our way up, not just go, hey, look at this because now I
just seem like some dumber to YouTube. So not only are we here in your brand new studio,
we're here in your hometown. And I think that's been one of the most interesting things to
experience is spending a day with you here, even spending time with your mom, even some of the
places in the context, that's a fun sentence. But even spending time here in your hometown,
like we've met people who grew up with you, which is really interesting. Like everyone asks us,
like I think people know that we're from out of town. So like, hey, what are you guys doing here?
Yeah. We're filming, you know, some content. They're like, oh, Mr. Beast.
Yeah. Oh, I played baseball with him. And it's really interesting to meet people and
recognize like you are still in your hometown. And a lot of people who are from small towns in the
US, they think like, I got to get out of this town to find success. So why did you stay in this
town? And how do you think you found success staying here? Honestly, it really was easier to just
stay here. You know, as I started making the videos bigger and bigger and hiring people and
I got warehouses and studios like you get so anchored down like, well, you're just going to
relocate all your employees to LA and buy a studio space there that costs 10 times more. And why?
You know, like, what are the negatives of being in a small town? I would argue with the internet
and things like zoom where you can talk to everyone and we're so interconnected like there really
is no need to pay 12% more tax because of what is it? State tax in California. And then on top of
that pay like three to five times more for rent and all this other stuff. It's kind of it's almost
silly to be there for people in our position. Did it ever cross your mind though that maybe you're
missing out on opportunity to collaborate like not really never. No, I mean, if you're good enough
friends with someone they'll come down like you guys can down here. There's someone I really want
to hang out with like or actually just fly there when I need to that blog is going to know I mean it's
dead now. Thank you. Thank you for getting rid of it. But you know, like if I really want to hang out
with someone they can just come down. You know what I mean? It's like a four hour flight. Yeah,
I actually think on the inverse spending the day with you and like shadowing what at least half a
day looks like I don't even think we saw your full day. We met up with you in the middle of the
day. That's true. Yeah. And it was like boom, boom, boom, we were going like thing to thing to
thing. And I think what I realized was being somewhere like this the positives actually outweigh
the negatives so much in that there's so much focus. And you are like you're really moving from
thing to thing to thing. Like I think we watched you workshop about four videos in such a short
amount of time. Yeah. And that I thought was one of the most interesting things and just sitting
there in those meetings, understanding how you're thinking about what needs to happen. And then
additionally having the facilities and the team members who are ready to custom make things for
the stories. Like I don't know if people realize I didn't realize and I've been watching your videos
I've talked to you we've interviewed you. I didn't realize that every set is like custom built
for the video based on the story somewhere. Yeah. But I mean you would think that okay let's reuse
that or let's you know we could let's see how many videos we can film in this set. Gotcha.
But you know what I mean like it's just like it's part of the story. Great. So you started in
your bedroom. Yep. What point did you start re like investing into the videos at a different
scale? Great question. Literally put on me the entire time when I used to make like a dollar day
I saved up for months and I bought a microphone way worse than this microphone and then I saved
up for like half a year and I bought a computer. I and I the whole time was like recording on my
iPhone. So I was recording and editing on my iPhone when I first started and then I got a microphone
you can plug in. I got a computer to edit on and then after like two years of just filming on my
phone I had a hundred plus thousand subscribers but I still didn't have a camera because there
was things cost like a thousand bucks or I was stupid. I didn't realize you could probably like
get you seven extra four hundred dollars. So then I bought a camera and after that I bought
monitors for my computer and I just kept going and re investing and then I tip pizza delivery
people a hundred bucks and then I tipped a homeless man 10 grand and then you know gave away cars
gave away houses and last hand take take hand off a million dollars keeps in basically the entire
time. So like for the last like eight or nine years like every dollar made I just spent it the
next month on content and I just did that every single month and it just kept getting bigger and
bigger and here we are. You give away millions of dollars now five hundred thousand dollars
at a time like large sums of money but when you first started giving away five thousand or ten
thousand. But it's first started with a hundred dollars literally like even less than that like
donating like a ten bucks to twitch streamers and stuff like that but like the first real IRL
one I would order a pizza and I'd tip a hundred bucks I think I did like three in that video
so it was like three hundred dollars. But when it gets to ten thousand that's when I think
the people and I would imagine people around you like your mom are probably like Jimmy what
yep. Are you sure about that exactly like what was her reaction to that? Well so I did my first
brand deal I'm sure you guys have heard the story but for people that know I was offered five grand
for a video but this is when I was like 19 and there's so much money it's like mom look look and
I was like double it and I'll walk outside and I'll give it to homeless person and they're like
no you won't that's like double it and I like pacing around my name for three hours convincing
this guy like on the phone just double the money I promise the video will go viral and I'll give
it to homeless person I was like ten thousand dollars just looks better in a title it'll get more
views I promise you're your apple do better and I end up getting ten thousand dollars and then
gave it away and my mom's like why don't you just give it like eight thousand dollars nine thousand
why all ten thousand I was like mommy will look better at the title and it's just better you know
and that's basically that yeah how did you know that you know giving away a hundred bucks I guess
it's natural but like why why does it make such good content like well I mean those things
and then did something I've always enjoyed like even when I was I don't say poor I don't
over dramaticize that my story like you know we weren't ever the poor but I didn't have as much
money if I saw homeless person I would you know over my wallet and give them almost all the money
had it's just fun you know because then you see the reaction their face light up stuff like that
and so it kind of was just something I always enjoyed because there there's so much easier ways
to give views back then then like having to give away money and and less stressful stuff but
I just enjoyed it and I thought it was interesting to see people's reactions and like to try to like
they're expecting a dollar and you give them 100 and they're like oh my god you know yeah um
so just kind of like a mixture of what I thought was interesting but also what I enjoy if that
makes sense were there other people when you're growing up making YouTube videos here around me
yeah no no that was the biggest problem is I thought it was a freaking nature because like people
would tell me all you do is talk about YouTube you're too obsessed with YouTube like get alive like
from 13 to like 19 I never met anyone who cared about YouTube like not even out and so
I was so untalkative people thought like there was problems with me because I just wouldn't
talk to anyone because all I would do is talk about YouTube and after a while like you realize
like no one cares like you just get labeled as the guy that just only likes YouTube and
and so I kind of just like didn't talk at all and then when I was 19 and I had like 10,000
subscribers maybe it's like 18 and that's when I started meeting a few other YouTubers online
and I realized like I'm not a freak I'm just like obsessed with YouTube and that's okay is
you know you just got to find other people that are like that most people want to talk about South
Park when you're younger or when I was younger cartoons or whatever and I backed in was figure
out how to drop ship or how to better edit a video or stuff like that like bring that up at a
high school lunch table well I guess now people care yeah bring that up at a high school lunch table
10 years ago and see what they say they're like the fuck you talking about what's interesting is I
went back and I you know I did this a while ago but I did it recently again where I go to oldest
uploaded videos on your channel you have some videos that are actually kind of similar to the videos
we make where you were talking about other creators and how they were yeah yeah yeah yeah so you
would play Call of Duty and then you would talk about yeah other creators I thought that was
really interesting study so hardcore like there's I don't remember the youtubers name but some
youtubers ad revenue he was hacked and it was leaked and it showed that he did made like 300
grand over three years and I made like two videos on that and I was just so shocked I was like
guys and I remember like telling everyone I know and they're all like who cares I was like guys
youtubers can make money yeah yeah I thought it was just cool to be did you know they can make money
I'm like a stupid teenager like really young I was like how is this possible I was like that's so
much money that's more than like my mom makes you know like so many years and I was I was mind blown
and like I would find stuff like that and just make videos on it because I thought it was cool
and some of those like you were uploading Minecraft videos called duty videos did you have like a
community when you first started uploading like did you notice people in the comments that were
the same people not real there's like maybe like two or three people that would comment on each and
back then which I think small youtubers should do is I would reply to every single comment and so
I think a few people caught on that they would all I would always reply and so some people would
just be like I wonder how long it'll take for them to reply and like so that was a lot of my
comments when I was smaller but at least it kept them coming back and it's like it got to the
point though I was getting hundreds a day and I was like okay like maybe I shouldn't spend an hour
a day doing comments and so I dialed it back what type of content did you start feeling like okay
now there's a like consistent subscriber base coming back to watch these videos that's a it's a
hard one that one I honestly have no idea like this is so long ago it's all like a blur like I just
remember like making videos and I remember being like dang like everyone's telling me like you're
stupid you know you're very awkward like you know why would you make it there's a millions of
people trying and I just remember feeling I don't know I just like it I'm gonna do this or I'm
gonna die trying kind of thanks also I was a really big pussy back then but I just after just
grinding year after year there's probably some blur between when I was 17 18 19 somewhere in
there to start to get a little bit of views you know what I mean yeah it seems like sports is
probably the most it's really like the only thing right like that's like the accepted thing
here everywhere you drive it's like a baseball field there's basketball court soccer yeah we met
someone today and they said they played baseball with you and then they also said that Chandler
was really good at basketball yeah that was good yeah so maybe we'll have to take him on next
I mean I don't say yeah well take him on like yeah yeah I mean that was good the footage isn't
gonna show but I'll just show one from the basketball game last night yeah and I think they scored
like two points okay okay four by the way yeah finished ten four ten four oh okay time we
started filming in South Africa yeah and he scored like one basket he's like look I told you show
me before this I just want to say that I had a steal before the basket I had the assist double
double highlights it's interesting because it does seem like sports is like the most accepted
thing here but you you dedicated yourself to something completely different and did you mind at all
that feeling of like everyone being like what are you doing well of course I mean
you just it's weird I think the problem is like if you I told this story years ago probably
what to help it's so much more acceptable now like yeah everyone wants to be you too but everyone
wants to be a tick-tock or like growing up now like you can just tell by the people and the numbers
and explosion of social media that like it's a lot more widely accepted and also it might also be
where I grew up in North Carolina it's different than LA but back then like it really just was a strange
thing you know what I mean to like want to dedicate your life to being a youtuber and being
that obsessed and so for me like there's probably like zero people and within a one hour radius of
me that actually loved YouTube like I did and anything like that so it's just like if you wake up
and every day you obsess over something and you live and breathe it and that's what you think about
that's what you do that's what you study on and off that's what you stay up every night grinding
and no one else even gives a flying **** about it it's like you just feel like a weirdo you know
like an outcast and and I was also like just dumb back then I didn't realize oh well
I just need to find different people I thought like oh my whole life I'll just never enjoy talking
to people yeah and then I met other youtubers and then I started talking to them like 10 hours
a day and like then that's when the channel really started taking off yeah one thing you said to
us yesterday you sat and like kind of roasted some of our content or videos and it was like so
informational and educational for us and it's not stuff that you haven't told us before but being
around it is so important right yeah sitting in your meetings and understanding how important was
that for you to develop a community online of of fans of friends friends beyond the importance like
yeah that's just where you just so like imagine a world where it's just you working solo and you
work 12 hours a day every day for like a year and you're just grinding you make a mistake you
learn from it you grind you make you learn from it and you do that for like a year and imagine
a different world where you have four friends who are also equally grinding and something similar
friend number one makes a mistake on Friday he teaches the other four people friend number two
makes mistake the next week teaches everyone and then like you're all learning from each other's
mistakes you're all constantly studying 24 seven and downloading each other like after a year
you're like two years ahead of the guy who was just solo it really does make a difference especially
like my friend group when I was like I met a bunch of people and I had 10,000 subscribers and we all
like we agreed not to drink we didn't do drugs like we didn't date we didn't do anything we just
literally obsess from time we woke up to the time we went to bed that's literally all we did
is it's wild like I've told this story before but for people who didn't listen to our other
podcast like one day I literally got up and we had 18 hour Skype call and then I went to bed and
that's all I did and we were just tearing apart YouTube videos studying trends and stuff like
I don't even know how I got food like I'm pretty sure I was just ordering foods so I didn't
have to leave my house so we could keep working like it was that level obsession it was just dumb it
was so unhealthy you still talk to some of those people oh I talked to all of them well now I
talked to most of them wow are any of them here in person with you now no no one of them his name
is Dylan oh he said but he's the only guy I talked to yeah he's dude he was yeah I thought about
him for the next week after that he's so smart yeah he's super sharp he's all calling about him
yeah rebound yeah yeah he's really really sharp yeah I like him a lot and so he's always been
kind of like my sounding board and like if I have a question like I'm like I don't know what to do
like he's usually pretty good at helping me think it out like I've probably spent 10,000 hours
talking to him over over the course of like the last six years it's it's wild yeah I think what's
interesting is that you know you made all these friends and you had to Skype them right like no one
was here with you in person because we were spending time with you yesterday I mean there's
people everywhere serious organization not only is that was back when I edited my videos
set them all up tore them all down did literally everything all by myself I didn't have like a single
employee until like four years ago like personally for me I've had a it's been tough for me to add
employees because I have a hard time like giving up control and I don't understand I don't
always know how to manage yeah that's like that's like a really good strength of some years uh-huh
how did you go uh from even just making that decision to hire one person it was is brutally hard for
me man the first time I was just an editor and even then it's like because I I'm so particular
on how I wanted it he used I so and I also didn't have office or anything when I first started so
I just set up a computer in my room and he would come over and edit the videos after I finished and
I would just watch him edit and then I just like uh why'd you cut that why did you cut this that's
every editor's dream yeah it's to have someone sit there I know I know I know I know but as like well
like you know I every YouTuber says it's like no one will ever be able to replicate my style it's
I got to edit it but news flash someone can it's actually not as difficult as you think but back then
you know I'm a teenager I didn't understand that at the start it was just a lot of like
micro managing like that but even then it's still freed up so much time because I just kind of
got to the point where I was like I can't stand editing I had to edit it probably like a thousand
plus videos in my life at that point between that channel and other things that I'd done I was just
like I just don't want to do this I just want to make videos and so that that first one and then
I just was like oh well I don't know I bring like I think I did a video where we like smashed
4,000 plates like dropped them to see how they'd break and it's like well I'm gonna hire just
someone to help me pick up these plates and you know hire someone to help with this and and then it
just you know I started with like two or three people and then every month I just hire someone
else as the videos got bigger and here we are four years later yeah almost every podcast I feel
like you've been on or every time you talk about YouTube you always talk about how you reinvest
everything back into the channel literally everything and I think spending time with you here what I
noticed is that's actually not just money it's time yeah you also reinvest all of your time
to reinvest yeah you invest all of your time into it and I think that's something that is
beneficial of of being where you are is that you have that ability and then also the concept of
hiring is just so that you have more time to invest exactly right yeah a lot of people like
again the thing is everyone has different priorities you know if you want to make a few hundred
grand a year and you know toast or whatever like you know not everyone has ambition and stuff
but if you really do want to be the best you can possibly be the biggest YouTuber
you should look at hiring as a way to free up your time so you can do more important things
than even then and hyper optimize every little minute and anything that isn't work you should
outsource to someone else you can recharge so you can work again you know yeah so we also went
to multiple spaces while we were here when did you start filming or when did you get your first
space outside of your bedroom oh that's a hard one I mean the videos just kept getting so much bigger
I can't tell you which video but it did just with the wind if you watch my videos when I stop
filming in my room and I started filming outside I it gets so hot here as I don't want to just film
outside and I burned so easily and so then we got the there's like an old firefighter building or
whatever like the floor was yellow is hideous there's two garage doors with a fire truck to come
in it out that's where we are first ever like studio is a really small warehouse I started off
in my bedroom like we talked about earlier and then I got a little office building like one room
basically but it's two rooms they weren't really that big and then we all grew that in like three
months and then and you know my mom told you guys the story yesterday and then I got a bunch more
office space like four or five offices and then I got like a little warehouse then I got a bigger
warehouse and then I got I kind of like a campus like two warehouses because like the videos are
getting so big and you have to be you have to work on multiple videos at a time because most our
videos takes months to produce and I don't just upload two or three videos a year so if you're
working on like five videos at a time and one of the videos takes up an entire warehouse and another
video takes up an entire warehouse well then you can't work on the other three because two warehouses
are full so then that's what led us to getting this big place because it's so huge we can
work on multiple videos here at the same time that just for you two versus that or wonder like how
do you get to this point like it's usually a slow snowball you know when you're first starting you're
saying okay I'm now making X amount of money I can spend X amount of money on my videos I'm
saying I made money I spend money yes all of it forever the thing that we not only
I'm realizing from talking to you but actually sitting with your mom and looking at
yeah something my finance yeah so Jimmy's sat us down and showed us his finances which
was amazing it was so educational but the thing that is I showed him how I lost half a million
dollars on a video so you go from making money spending money to making money losing money
yeah on some video on some videos right to make money to go for it yeah so I guess I was
going to ask you like when did you get that comfort level of saying I'll actually spend I'm okay
with the entire time the entire time ever since I was 13 I'm even though I was a monetized
at 13 I know I think I got monetized I was like 15 or 16 but ever since I got my first YouTube
paycheck I just always spent it back on YouTube was that because the belief was distribution is the
most valuable thing I just wanted to be the biggest YouTuber I could be as not like I mean I don't
know I'm a dumb 15-year-old like all my friends play what is it balloon tower defense class and talk
about that I don't know I just want to make better videos and then and I just want to make
better videos and I mean now I'm a lot more strategic but back then it was just like I just want
good videos you know what was your relationship to money when you were growing up I mean it's hard
because I don't want to like overplay it you know it's not like I was like wearing where my next
meal would come from but we weren't we weren't the most well off like there it was very quickly
came to a point where I was making more on like a single brand deal than my mom made an entire year
and she was like raising me and my brother and sister and stuff like that um it was but did
you desire money like when you're younger I've only won money so I can make better videos so
I can grow on my channel yeah but it's like no I mean like dude like the the type of stuff I do now
is would have been unfathomable to anyone back when I was younger it's like so unfathomable it's
crazy like if you told me when I was like 15 that one day I'd make a hundred grand a year I would
have been like what the fuck yeah make that kind of money right like I thought it was crazy
that I used to remain like 300 grand over the course of a few years so you know I mean like it's
like it's pretty brutal like you know a few hundred bucks was like out of this world insane back then
you know yeah the video we talked about yesterday where you lost half a million dollars on that
though when when you look at that number does that worry you well no I mean at the end of the day I
could spend less per videos if I want to I'm just focused on making the best videos possible
period I don't care about making money I don't care about time I don't care about I just want to
make the best videos on the planet but at any point if I was like oh I need to stop losing money I
just you know don't spend a million dollars on the next video just spend a hundred great yeah
one thing Colin and I were talking about yesterday after we left we were like this is I think
Colin mentioned to you that this feels like the modern day movie studio right like we're going into
creative meetings we're listening to development we're understanding like production problems that
you guys are trying to solve a youhaul drove in here yeah this morning and we didn't even we didn't
even feel like there was something in here there was a huge truck in here and we were just
went about our yeah I guess yeah that's normal yeah that's normal here that's fine yeah that's
funny did they come to get stuff from yeah they came big they pick up stuff but it's a it's a modern day
movie studio but you're actually even at spending $200,000 for what you're making for the type of
distribution getting it's actually way less than TV spending yeah right now it's it's interesting
too because if I go to them I'm like hey it's just for fun you know that's like hey you want to
give me some money to produce a TV show like no I guess I'll just yeah I have no interest in
doing that type of stuff yeah but it's funny because sometimes I poke at them to like see they'll
give me money and and no one I guess they just don't believe that I can do dope stuff with like
a million dollars like even just something as simple as like a million dollars in episode like
just go give away money to people yeah they'd be like no and it's like I spend that for almost
my YouTube at this point and I know it would like kill it for them yeah I mean I think I just
want to be a YouTuber I don't really care to do that type of stuff but you know it's always fun
to be like hey Netflix how much would you pay me right all right quick break from our conversation
with Jimmy to tell you about the sponsor of today's episode jelly smack jelly smack generated over
a hundred thousand dollars in incremental revenue for over two thirds of its creators last year over
a hundred thousand dollars for two thirds of its creators jelly smack helps creators unlock their
full potential and that's why they're trusted by some of the biggest creators on the platform like
Mr. Beast PewDiePie Phil DeFranco and Yes Theory but they also work with creators of all sizes
so if you're a creator who focuses on making YouTube videos jelly smack will take those videos they'll
cut them and they'll distribute them across multiple platforms they'll also invest in the content
to both increase their revenue as well as their audience and one of the most amazing things about
jelly smack is that it is at no expense to you as a creator so it doesn't take any time away from
you nor does it take money they actually will just take your YouTube videos and cut them with
their team of editors and not only do they have a team of editors they also have software that
actually optimizes the video for each platform now we've been working with the jelly smack team
all year long and tons of creators work with jelly smack so if you're a creator and you think
that you'd be a good fit for jelly smack head over to jelly smack dot com click get in touch and
tell them Colin and Samir sent you all right back to North Carolina and our interview with mr.
beast I mean part of like seeing all the different spaces was we met all these different teams it
felt like there was so many different department so many different teams that we met and everyone
first of all is incredibly nice here everyone has been so nice to us like we feel incredibly
taken care of but outside of that like everyone is such like you've curated a team of people who
are just so hard working it's like all about the work yeah there's no fluff or bless I agree we
got a lot of great people here and obviously you know like the videos we do where I'm now drawing
blank like selling houses for a dollar yeah I'm putting a million rupees in someone's backyard or
whatever the stupid things are doing or filling a person's house with slime like I can't do that on
my own obviously I need help so uh bless yeah so how did you go from hiring one editor to hiring the
next person the next person it's literally just like it's not like I just woke up one day and I have
dozens of employees like it's just like I've literally just been hiring like a person a month for
the last four years like you know it's the videos it's like it's also not like you know I gave a
homeless guy 10 grand and then you know the next day I'm buying everything in five stores you know
and I'm needing a hundred people to fill dozens of you halls and stuff like it's just a slow
progression up and along the way we just pick up a person and another person another and how do you
find people because I think that's something that youtubers have a really hard time with I don't
really know I mean I've been doing like I said four years like yeah it's a very very very slow
grind hiring all these people I honestly they're way more qualified people for that if someone knows
how to find great out please reach out to me I'll pay you yeah I I personally loved the creative
meetings I thought those were the most interesting to be in just the way you guys are thinking in
the way like everything has to fit together and you're thinking obviously very much in in like
terms of retention but your whole team is also thinking the exact same way yeah and like the problem
solving you guys are doing is so specific to you know what I mean like it's not it's not problem
solving that if you walked into a movie studio that they're thinking about and I think actually
that's some of the problem with what's happening in Hollywood is that they are thinking about the
fact that something on Netflix is competing with one of your videos do you know what I mean like
when I'm on I'm watching an internet video whether it's Netflix or YouTube like you're on the
same plank field so yeah you actually have to compete in the same well I'm sure they shoot for
retention as well we're just we're very very serious about it though I don't like using cinematic
shots or you know unless like you have multiple cam setups here like if I'm talking to this
camera you're not cutting it for too long that's boring you'll lose retention but if I talk and
you cut to that angle I'm talking to cut back and you know it helps it and it's not bad to be
obsessed like if people aren't cleaning up that means they're entertained you know so I'm hyper
obsessed with just making sure people actually like what they're watching yeah yeah yeah I think
the thing is that we don't Netflix sure cares about retention but they're grabbing content from all
over from people who aren't basing all of their data and analytics off 10 years of just uploading to
Netflix right yeah that's what's entirely different about creating for YouTube is that you're
taking the metrics from one place and have been for the last decade or more right is it just gets
OP when you just do it and and you just study year after year after year after year and you learn
from every mistake and you have other people doing it and you're teaching each other and like like
if you want to be a YouTuber if you're watching this right like and you're thinking into scale of
10 years like if you literally are grinding and you're obsessed and you're just every day studying
and learning and you surround yourself with smart people and you just work like hell to be honest
for 10 years like there's probably a good chance you'll make it but if you do that over the course
six months or a year I don't know you know but that's why like I like to think over a span of a
decade a lot of people are very short-term cited but you know as long as you're innovating adapting
reinvesting I think if you do it intelligently like you have a good odds of I don't know like killing
after we hung out yesterday I went back and watched the FBI video again and I watched the first 40
seconds and I was sitting with Colin showing him like a lot of what we talked about I was seeing
in those first 40 seconds and I was like you really do all those things and those first 40 seconds
were so jam-packed and you introduced so many new things like so much new stuff between both
the visuals too I mean even the the concept that you say in the first 40 seconds first of all the
visuals are already changing but you also say there's an NFL stadium there's a private
chat and there's a maze this is why you should watch the video yeah see these things yeah yeah
and like the the thing people undervalue the most is literally the first 10 seconds of the video
like yeah I can almost I think I can quote it I tied up an FBI agent I have a hundred thousand
dollars in this bag here's a knife good luck and I just run away like it gives you everything
you need yeah no wasted words short concise and then tension how much time do you spend on those
openings I'm a perfectionist I really it's so important like that's your first impression for
everyone clicking on the video so like I like the whole time leading up to that I'm just constantly
obsessed with mostly the first minute just like making sure like if I were to click on this video
I would like the first minute and that it would hook me you know me yeah you had a video of ours
that you said you were interested in the thumbnail you clicked on it you're bored after five seconds
I can tell you it was the one about the hype house yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and I showed them on my
phone I was like I I the title of the thumbnail made me tap and the red bar was like so tiny you
could barely see it cuz I clicked on it eight seconds I was like this is me and my house four days
ago before you came down clearly you just didn't grab me yeah yeah and that was really eye opening
for us and we now you recognize like I think a lot of times you you talk about obsessing over the
content and and really getting into it and I think sometimes it's hard to understand what that
exactly means and then when you said that I was like oh that's what it means it literally means
that there's a there was a big problem and you predicted that about 40% of the people left
in 10 seconds it was exactly 40% I could tell yeah and and I told them the remedy for this is
they need better friends 100% no no some people that are their friends I know that they like you
but the fact that no one's like calling you I've had you uploading that and just roasting the hell
I mean go like dude this isn't the best you could do like and it's not a knock on you guys it's
actually them like someone should say like hey you guys are too smart for this like you're
better than this you can make a video better than this which is what you should do yeah and I
think that that is what I was going to bring up if you have their phone number call them say that
call us right now you watch a video and it's not I don't want to swear too much freaking perfect
yeah call them and say hey this is garbage here's why fix it you can also DM us so that's
our friend yeah if you are if you're watching that's on you that's not on us you're like even like
my FBI video like you know that my team is working on that for months and I'm whatever we probably
spent over half a million dollars between everything and I upload and I'm like this is like a
perfect video it's so good we're so perfected and then you know I have like two or three people
that call me they just shit on it and I'm like all that kind of hurt my feelings like but he's
right you know like this part was a little fake there seemed as a little drawn out could have done
this a little bit better um and it's like that's what you need no matter you there's no such thing
as a perfect video like someone should always call you and shit on your video because it could be
better like that's because imagine if someone does it every video and you upload hundreds if not
a thousand videos over the next 10 years and every single time someone's critiquing you and you're
applying what they're critiquing like imagine the compound effect over that time span it's it's
invaluable but if you upload a hundred videos and very few people are shitting on them then like
you just lost so much compound effect something you told us yesterday is that we need to have a checklist
of all the things they need to be checked off because I talked to him quite frequently that's true
and every time I give him the same advice and he'll apply some of it and then he'll like revert back
and I'm like god dang it would have all the checklist so I can tell you the things to do and then
going forward just check them out for you upload a video so you do yeah we talked about that
today because one thing that we realized was everyone on your team also is holding you accountable
for some of those checks that's items and that's when we're like oh we need our team to hold
us accountable because sometimes I'm like no that doesn't actually matter like that would be
an extra two hours of work yeah they're like yeah that would help retention yeah they're like who the
fuck are you you don't want the perfect video I'm like you're right you're right let's do it that
was the thing that I think I was so excited about in those creative meetings was everyone was on
the same page like it wasn't just like hey whatever Jimmy says exactly and I thought that was
really cool because I'm not an omnipotent being like I need push back I need people to like there
are people have better ideas than me you know like the one the OP things about hiring people is like
you know if you're editing a video you can probably only devote 20% of your time to it or whatever
30% 40% if someone else is adding it and that's their job they can dedicate 100% of their work time
to it right so since they have three times the amount of time to edit that video they should be able
to edit it better than you even if it's only 20% better because they have more time same with like
thinking creatively or like building sets or doing anything like you you have like as YouTubers
especially people who build side businesses and have side channels there's like 50 things that
need to be done and if you split your time amongst it they're all only getting a few percentage of
your time so like someone should be able to do that job better than you because they're giving
you 100% of their time and that's like the O.P. part about hiring people which is obvious you know
yeah so when you first started hiring people it sounds like you hired people for the execution right
like I filmed a video I needed edited so I can move on to the next thing yeah well that or and then
I was like I don't like moving boxes yeah but I need like some I need this to move from here to here
yeah like one of our first people is literally just like he just did grow where he just move boxes
he was happiest yeah pick up box move it or I need this thing or whatever yeah when did you then
start hiring people for to look forward to other videos right so not just stuff that you've
shot and needs to get done or production slow progress slow I mean yeah because I'm I'm sure like
just three years ago we probably like came up with what we're going to film like the week before
you know like yeah like planning months ahead and like working on because you know like if I'm
bearing myself alive I can't do that next week right or I could now because I've done it but
when we first came up with the idea like that's something that takes like a hundred days like you
got to build the coffee and you got a period for 10 days to make sure it works you got to you know
figure out how to get air into it in the medic and all that type of stuff then make the area look
nice so it's pretty on film and figure out lighting that it uh so um it's just like the videos
just slowly got more more complex and obviously I just had to bring people on to figure it out
how far in advance are you planning a do you know tree
just how far out it's the calendar isn't it three months yeah right now it's not too far out
three to four months so yesterday though we went to three creative meetings back to back
about three videos that are pretty much immediately in production yeah right we're going to
spend or I'm going to spend a hundred hours alone on island it might change I might push the
out that's right now that one it sounds crazy yeah from the creative meeting we were and then
a different video for half a million dollars that I don't want to spoil and what's what was the
third one we talked about it's uh the escape room oh yeah and then I'm going to attempt the world's
hardest escape room yeah and that one that's the one specifically where we were like oh because
it's the world's hardest escape room each room is part of the story so each room needs to be
custom built exactly based on retention because like we scouted all the best escape rooms they're
pretty terrible so we just decided build our own so we can make it epic and obviously since I'm
building I'm not the one doing it but uh when you guys see the video it's well you guys know but
it's a pretty cool twist when it comes to retention obviously there's things you can do in the first
30 seconds the first minute yeah are there checklist items you have to get people to 10 minutes to
15 to 20 yeah I mean it's very hard with a single storyline if you're doing like a double digit
minute video to just have that one thing grip their entire tension throughout the whole video and
pay off at the end um so typically if you're doing a longer video you should introduce like a side
story and like re you should have some plan halfway through like to reengage them so they'll
just get bored you know what I mean like if I just said like if I hand you a camera and I had a
camera it's like okay if he tags me he gets a hundred grand and then I just run and that's it it's
just me running through the woods and him just running through the woods after me you can't make a
15 minute video out of it you know what I mean but if I do that and then like three minutes in I pull
a lever and a bear comes out and starts chasing him and he has to get away from the bear I don't know
obviously we wouldn't do this kill the bear and then he starts chasing me and then six minutes in
I jump across the lake and as he goes to jump through I press a button that shoots him to the moon
whatever you know what I mean like now of a sudden it's interesting and you're watching right and
that's it right one is just a single story and it's boring the other has side stories that like
reengaged people so that like introducing other narratives but actually you know how we were
talking about Dylan earlier yeah he just said I'm getting close to 70% I'm almost a decent YouTuber
he sent me a graph or his new video had a 65% retention oh wow I told him if he doesn't get 70%
retention on a video then he didn't do something right well I don't even want to pull up our attention
yeah 70% that's what you need if it's below that figure out how to get higher we're probably at
like 40% right now so we got some work to just we were talking about a lot of times in our video
we'll be like this video is about this this this and that and we were like well what if we actually
held one back and at that four five or six minute part we're like and the one thing we didn't
tell you yeah was this yeah and then also it like takes another direction but I also think the
thing you said that I think it's important is that it's not always just a bear that you have to
bring in as a dual narrative right it also could be like you mentioned the visuals right and a
lot of our videos we have like really fast moving visuals custom animations that's what makes it
interesting exactly the like if you're not a creator who's doing maybe bigger stunts or anything
like that and you are explaining things your visuals can be as simple as an ant crawling on just
getting a biting yeah like it doesn't have to be right or in the case that we were talking about
some of these shorts creators are gaining massive viewership by making subway sandwiches or making
ice cream and telling stories shut up and yell out and and Dylan LeMay they're like I mean 82
million views making ice cream and telling a story yeah so it's like there you go that's visual
it's interesting and there's another narrative where he's telling a different story about those
yeah I mean it you could probably paint a bowling ball and people would find it entertaining like
there's an audience for everything you got a good personality you're passionate and like you know
you present it in a way where it's entertaining like people will watch it I'll watch anything at
this point we're all messed up in the head one great example of adding other narratives is your
reacts channel I think it's really interesting because you guys are I watched your parkour reaction
yeah and you and Chris are reacting but at the same time Nolan is losing money when Chris says a
word exactly he can't say and so it's like already I just said something that's multiple narratives
that are happening at once that there's the visuals of the parkour which are already really
interesting there's your reaction then there's Nolan losing money exactly and then the payoff at
the end where you're like well how much does Nolan make exactly my favorite one is on the
reaction channel we do this thing where it's the video it started the video it's Chris and his
grandma and I go every time Chris laughs he lose $500 and then we kick his grandma out of the room
and I show him a bunch of tic-tocks and then you know you watch to see how much his grandma makes
is reacts your most profitable channel most profitable well it depends how you quantify that and
percentage like expenses revenue or by total revenue it's expenses to revenue expenses then yeah
reacts because it doesn't cost much and so anything we make off reacts it put in the main channel
which is how we kind of got here because I got to point where the main channel would make
hypothetically a few million dollars and it's been a few million dollars a month and I was like well
how can I get more money to burn and so then we started gaming and then gaming started making money
and I just take that money and the next month throw it on the main channel and I'll take oh this
is working well and then we started reacts and now we just take a few hundred grand month from that
we just throw it on the main channel and yeah and just like these things exist just the pump money
into the main channel so pretty soon when this place is done everyone will be in here and
everything will be in here not everything okay even this place like because we're working on
many videos on the main channel at the same time we'll be able to cap out like two or three
it's almost to have to use our other studios once like I told you before we're going to build an
expansion of this out back and have basically two of these then we'll potentially be able to do
them because like if we did world's arch six our world's hardest escape room I mean it's probably
going to take up all this space behind us and then um you know if we did like would you rather
start video would you rather have a Lamborghini or a house you know like and then we built sets
and probably take up that side and then if the third video after that's like eating the world's
largest slice of pizza well this place is full but at least like even just doing that though is
revolutionary for us right but who will be here it will be now like creative accounting
everything yeah exactly all the people that help me pull off these videos yeah it'll be beautiful
what's the um I guess workplace culture that you hope to create when everyone's in the same place
oh that's hard one I don't even know I just just want to make the best videos possible a culture
that helps get that and I you know hopefully one day you know as we build up other companies and
things go well like make tons of money and everyone who helps me get there I just want to make
temperatures out to be honest yeah is there going to be a basketball court here yeah inside no
out that problem I mean there's a who I have the boys that are here play basketball it's funny how
did you meet um Tariq because he he grew up oh right that's a funny story Tariq come on in come
come here so uh here you go this is my care about Tariq so Tariq walk away basically this this is
before I had any employees I uh I was like I need I need people to help me with the like just do
these you just need help and I don't know why am I like 19 year old peanut brain I was like
or maybe I did have like two or three employees but I was like comedians are funny like
comedians would probably be like they they'd probably be fun to work with they'd probably be very
helpful maybe he'll make me funnier he'll rub off on me and so um I went to a comedy show and
and Tariq was doing comedy and like a bunch of other people were doing comedy there and all the
ones that made me laugh I just was like riding down a notepad and then after the comedy show I just
walked backstage and they're just I walked up to people and I was like yo you're funny you want
a job and yeah okay and I was like no look I'm not a YouTuber and um and then I just somehow
managed to drag them to my house how many subscribers do you have at that time like a million yeah
yeah like one whole one million and I so they came over you know we've I filmed a few videos with him
and uh some of the other guys and then he was like oh I'm sorry I just got a job at the hospital
and one month classic Tariq I got a hospital job been a month and I'm like Tariq be my camera
and I swear to God I will like the channel will blow up we'll hit 10 million subscribers I'll make
rich and he's yeah and he's like hospital and so then Tariq left for a year for him specifically
this is his story and then a year later like you know um and this now I have quite a few employees
for like six seven million subscribers Tariq no maybe not that high maybe like three or four
and Tariq's like you know I hate working at the hospital and he's he's like I'm miserable and I'm
like well you're a luck I still want you get your butt over here and then he started like he'd
go to hospital and then work at night and I was like I'm all your time like quit and uh and you
know his family wasn't the the keynest on that but I was like ah you'll be fine and there you are
and here you are he was like editing in my attic and uh stuff like that yeah at the attic the yellow
floor because this the studio is for filming and then there's just an attic and I was like all right
we got out of it and we just installed ACN so how many years have you been here Tariq?
coming up coming up on three so three years two and a half years now yeah I could have been
three and a half what's what's your perspective of the difference between when you first started
to being in a space like this oh man like just experience and seeing him grow too like I joined
when Jimmy I think was 18 or 17 at the time so that was that was cooler just seeing
well and I first reached out you I was 19 yeah yeah because three years ago I was 20 so that's
why I first started yeah yeah and and just seeing him grow and seeing his motivation stay that
motivated at least me personally did like pushing so many people when I brought him on back then
they're like yeah I was like we're gonna be the biggest YouTube channel ever I was like I don't
care I'll fucking die trying like I'm gonna obsess and grind and they're always like you know
eventually you'll get burned out eventually he's gonna slow down he can't just grow like this forever
I was like no and so there were a lot of good people back in the day but it's hard to like
put you bet your entire life and everything on a 19 year old that yeah honestly it's socially
on YouTube yeah on a YouTube and like yellow floor stupid warehouse just making shit up every day
but I mean the only thing that's consistent is like I wake woke up every day and I grind and I
obsess and I was like I'm gonna I'm gonna die trying like if we don't make it I'm gonna try
until the day I just put this on record he would tell us we would be like the biggest in the world
every week like every I would pull them in our little room and I remember because like even Chris
like it's hard to get him to quit his job all these people they're like this is just a YouTube
channel what if we were relevant in a year this is years ago and I have like one and two
million subscribers I would always have to pull my few employees in a room right on a whiteboard
I was like here's what everyone's doing here's what we will be doing okay we're gonna make this
money I'm gonna spend it all I'm gonna work work work out then I'll be like I'm just
circling through all things and I'm like and I'm concluding that we will have 10 million
subscribers by the end of the year and this one we're like on two in January and everyone's like
you're dumb like even I had friends with like three or four million subscribers and they're like
you'd be lucky if you even got close to me by the end of the year and like now one year we went
from two million to ten well actually it was like 12 million subscribers and everyone was just like
and I like I was like drawing three year plans it's like this will be here this will be here
and this will be here and like we killed all of them but even then like when I showed it to all the
boys back then they're like no this is stupid like you're out of your mind like you know we're
not going from two to ten to thirty and whatever and I'm like nope this is what we're doing we're
gonna obsess obsess obsess no one get a life grind grind here's what we're doing and then it just
it just happened I got one more question for Tariq so you said that you saw him and he was a
comedian you thought that'd be fun to work with a comedian now Tariq is the one that helped us
set up this entire set up there's more about cameras than most people I've met how did you know
how to use a camera yeah so I I did cameras before I met Jimmy but then I saw like I told you
the story I saw a video of him just on the road and I was like this is in my town like I have to
meet him and so you know I reached out to him on Twitter and then you know from there he started
coming to the comedy shows and then you know all that kind of tied together so yeah it was cool
it was really cool I got lucky that I got a comedian that actually had experience right
I just had never seen YouTube before because I mean I was like so dumb back then I was just like
yo that joke oh it's funny about the dog you want to get a job you want to help me figure out
how to bury myself alive because you're funny it does seem like the the thing that the X factor
in your growth and it feels like the reason why it can continue is because the ideas and you you
but it's because I'm obsessed and I'm crazy like I will spend every dollar back into the channel
forever I don't care I just want to be the biggest but it seems like you have like a unlimited
source of ideas somehow like every time you put out a new video even if it's a something similar
to your other video it's something new yeah how do you keep new ideas coming like how is how I
I feel like the ideas I have always been great even when I was like 17 and I like the videos like
high me in five years like have you ever seen someone make a ton of accounts on YouTube even to
this day no one's dumb like I don't know like back then I was I feel like they're pretty creative
counting to a hundred thousand I don't know but it's still different and obviously now I have a
lot more help you know come with ideas and stuff but it's just I like when I was younger I'm not
as hard for because we got hundreds of ideas now you know but when I was younger like I would train
myself like to lose the dream so like when I was dreaming like you do this thing where you like
stare at your hand like 30 times a day and you do something and then like in your dream if you
saw your hand you'd realize your dream you control what you're dream about and I tried to like
strategically brainstorm ideas while I would sleep and like I'd wake up in the middle of night
right down ideas were you successfully able to lose a dream oh okay I haven't done that stuff
in years I'm not as hard for when it comes that stuff but yeah there are some points where I would
like I would wake up and I'd have ideas and it was it took so long to yeah that's hard to do
yeah you have to like actually work on I think part of the problem that are not problem but part
of the advantage for me it's like all I did was obsess over it during the day and typically what
you think about what you dream about yeah so even if I wasn't losing dreaming I was just dreaming
about videos and filming and then I'd feel like oh this is cool and just wake up right down
it's I had a problem man I would like only watch things that like inspired me so I would like
try to watch a different show or different things or different genres for inspiration and I like
I would I had what I would call like an info diet and I would always like try to add new things
so I was so obsessed with how to because really like like if I tell you to come up with that idea
you're just gonna yeah from whatever you're gonna be like Gatorade or water whatever right but
no one knows what that is. They may not be here. They may be taking the labels off. I thought
it was the rudest thing I've ever roasted for it but but if we like I've told you guys this story
a million times but if I open a dictionary here and we just you know flip to random page and we
pick a word and the words flowers right then we'll be like okay I bought a flower I I gave my
girlfriend a flower I gave my girlfriend a hundred thousand flowers I gave my girlfriend a hundred
thousand flowers on Valentine's Day right you just go like that I gave to wreak a hundred thousand
flowers I put a hundred thousand flowers on them and you do that for a few minutes and then you just
flip to a new page and you're like what's this word and you just like so you that's the like the
slowest form of doing it and the worst way to do it but that's in taking inspiration getting
inspired and seeing what comes out and it's really just doing that and the more effectively you can
take an inspiration and see what happens in your brain the better ideas. I think what's interesting
though is like obviously you call yourself obsessed yeah other people you said when you're
younger called you imagine spending 10 years of your life only think about one thing every waking
hour of the day you mentioned earlier that people were like you don't have a life right but we've
been here we spent all day with you yesterday behind the scenes I feel like you do have a life like
your life is YouTube yeah yeah you do have a life friends who were hanging out playing basketball
yesterday exactly there's like a lot more happening that people probably don't understand because
all they see is what happens within the box exactly well and that was one of those the slower days
you know like typically it's a lot more extreme than yeah maybe that was an anomaly yeah exactly
well Jimmy's clear the schedule because we were in town yeah come on it's America come to town
exactly we had to make sure play basketball yeah yeah but um yeah it's the thing it's like you're
an idiot until you're successful then you're smart whatever you know I mean so it's just at some
point you crossed that tipping point and people go from judging you and being like you're too obsessed
with your freak blah blah to like oh like whoa congrats like you hire people and provide jobs like
you're cool good job you know yeah it's like kind of blurry where that line changes yeah that is
really interesting did you like engage in your typical high school life I guess like prom and I
don't know other stuff like that's none of that stuff I just I was so obsessed it I'm telling you
it is unhealthy helps there's not a single person on the planet that's been more obsessed that
the same time span as me because it's physically impossible yeah almost every hour of the day
that's what I was doing in math class in English class in any class any time of the day I was thinking
about YouTube not stop the last 10 years one of our first videos about you was during your sub
to PewDiePie campaign and we're like we're like oh mr. Beast is kind of like the new PewDiePie
and we were talking about it this morning and we were like that actually couldn't be further from
the truth yeah the title is mr. Beast is the next PewDiePie yeah and we were like actually they are
completely different but you the you guys did a video time yeah it wasn't exactly about how
you were like PewDiePie I was just saying you are the next person to reach that interesting yeah
I remember the the mr. Beast is the first YouTube billionaire and then our one before it one
before it yeah you're we didn't interview for you oh yeah we just made a video I don't think I ever saw
that one yeah it has of the videos we've done with you it has the least number
yeah but it's the number one spot I think it's the number one spot at that time yeah
oh really so we got a number one of that yeah the number one of the billionaire and then
number one with the losing and then number one with this yo we're on a street so yeah we did
that video but then we were thinking like wait that is really far from the truth because like
PewDiePie is a completely different type of creator he's he's I mean I think he still creates
in a really similar way that's when he first started out right yeah and you keep evolving and
changing the way that you're creating you know just different people different aspirations
so at the end of the day like with him what's admirable it's like 90% of creators like if they
had that number one spot in that long they would have been such egotistical critics to like
would have changed and you know he never wears designer clothes or flexes on people or looks down
on people a lot of his friends with the people he has in his videos aren't like super clouded out
you know I mean like that is that's the thing that I would take away with him like it's really
respectful that like he really didn't change much you know yeah obviously you know more about
YouTube than anyone and even following it for a really long time yeah when boxing came about was
that unexpected for you well the thing with boxing is it's literally two people putting everything
on the line right you cannot tell your meme you know I mean like you're risking your reputation
your dignity all that so like it kind of is the perfect thing to like be a big spectacle and
cause they're well to stop because if you get two Titans or two big you know names that a lot of
people know of and they're both like hey we're willing to risk it all one of us is walking away
with a fat L on our face you know like of course like it's the perfect formula to be a big spectacle
are you as captivated as everyone else but I love it yeah I mean like you know I don't put a ton
of thought into it but when they happen invite the boys over get some popcorn and joy some dude's
getting punched I feel like it's fine I've bought every fight I find it to be so entertaining yeah
you know I know you started when you came up with ideas you'd look at a dictionary and find a word
yep uh you have people just throw things at you and then you try and come up with new ideas
exactly when boxing obviously was taking place on youtube did it throw a wrench in your head at all
of like oh well maybe since that's the ultimate spectacle maybe if I combine it with something else
and do this or yeah the only problem with those is it's like so much time I got so much going on
so many employees so much that depends on the channel like I just can't spend six months just
you know training three times a day or two times a day so I mean tons of ideas popped my head
but are they ever going to happen no because obviously I got to meet people that depend on me
I've had people ask me to box and I'm like bro if I just spend the next six months training like
people lose their job but I don't care to do that do you think there's another sport that has
that much tension in it that that youtubers could do yeah I mean every sport is
I'm in did with the soccer well my space well I think baseball there's too much delay
between action that that one ever pop but basketball would be phenomenal soccer boxing I think
we'll always be at the top because it's just like it's two people putting everything on the line
I don't think it gets much better than that to be honest yeah I really doesn't and and I just
feel like the tension that when you put two unexpected people together like I thought that the
social gloves event was the most interesting out of all of them you know what's fascinating is
I talked to other people who aren't as like into social media as we are and they're just like
who are these people I don't care yeah I guess that's true I guess you have to know who the people
exactly we're just so entertained by two talking YouTube that we know all these smaller people
that know all of them but you know you've kind of heard of them but um and you're just like wait what's
gonna I mean okay so let's go to Logan Floyd it's just like what the hell is gonna happen this
guy's bigger than that guy but that guy's more experienced than this guy so that's the going
the questions are just so but all the boxes on the undercard like you weren't glued to the screen
you didn't know exactly exactly how you felt on those is how everyone felt on the social club one
that aren't like super into social media there's if you don't know and you've never heard of
them it's like why don't I care yeah that's why not just watch professional boxes you know
do you do that a lot where I feel like you do it sometimes in your videos where you build some
of the backstory of the person before they win a little bit that's one of the critiques I get
that I could do better yeah it's so hard to like get people attached to someone while also like
keeping retention and keeping the tension and stuff like that that's one thing I got to learn
a lot on it's like how to how to let someone tell their backstory in a way where I don't lose viewers
I do feel like that's something that TV does really well they tell they tell back story but that
also to me 90% of times boring right but if there's a way to do it in a condensed fashion where
then the viewer all of a sudden cares about this person and if they win or lose then it creates
a whole different you know yeah even then like take any TV show that does that upload to you
to see their retention graph of that's ps4 so what entertains mr beast like what else are you
entertained by oh boy that's definitely changed over the years I mean I watched a ton of anime I
love anime it's like it's so creative and different and I feel like that inspires me so number one's
anime and then number two is like I just try to watch a bunch of different stuff so I'm just always
learning because you know you you can never learn enough and like there could be just one simple
thing you learn through watching like an educational video that just like changes how you think and
like allows you to just make better decisions for the rest of your life what was the first video you
filmed in here uh that I don't know I don't know when you're gonna upload this when does that one
come out probably a while because there's I'll tell you this there's 50 cameras used and there's
a hundred people we'll put it there when you see that video you'll know and could that video have
been shot in one of your other spaces or no no no there's uh this this place has like eight
different AC units because it gets like so hot and so this is the only building we can keep cool
and it rained three different times when we're filming and here we got like padded roofs and
especially designed to cancel out the rain noise but all our other places you just hear like
all the time and you can't film during that and um just everything about this place was perfect
for like a long 10-day shoot so you started investing into like you know you got that space with
the yellow floor and then you got well I started with an office right the office then yellow floor
space yeah so was the the first space was the office building what we saw with no small oh small
there's the one she said those two buildings over oh right okay so so you had office building
in that studio in the next studio in the next studio in next studio and now you know you have all
these different studios like what um this investment is really significant yeah I think I walked
into a spider web walking in here and I don't think I got it sorry you're like this investment's
big I'm like I got a spider web it's a good moment for retention right yeah it is good uh this
is a really significant investment and then additionally the you know when we sat with your mom
and looked at your financials yeah every video is a really significant investment I don't think I
said this to you when we got out of there I was like I don't think there's no way there's someone
else spending that kind of money on YouTube videos right no no there can't be no I would be best
friends with them yeah you don't teach me I think the from you know you spending the most to
the even the next person it's probably a pretty serious gap well and on top of that with how
frequently we're uploading to I mean yeah most videos are over probably like half a million dollars
at this point so does your mom have the same because she kind of looks over that part of the
business like did she have the same relationship to money that you have of like hey let's just
reinvest it she's just gotten to the point where she like just accepts it like I mean we've ran
out of money many times and had to get a loan to keep going or whatever but she just knows I'm
not gonna stop so years ago she just gave that up she just gave it up he's yeah what and obviously
now that we're this big like there's not as much to worry about but yeah I mean like I'd make
50 grand a month and then I'd film a $50,000 video that I didn't have costing $60,000 and
oh we're $10,000 negative and then yeah she'll be like okay once we make this back and we're in
you know green like let's let's put some money aside and think nah let's keep going we made
$60,000 this month it's on an uptrend and just keep going one thing that was really interesting
is we talked about that video you pretty she literally printed out the financial statements
for certain videos and one of the videos was where you were giving away houses and that obviously
cost you know we've been just shy of a million dollars just shy of a million dollars and you
told us how much you that video made and on add to it how much did that video make on that sense
$10,000,000 less than half a million dollars I'll tell you that yeah so less than half a million
dollars on something cost and then there's a brand deal on it but even that yeah after everything
said and done because that's not including the cost of the people to produce and stuff of that
so it was closer to like 1.3 million to do the video we're definitely not going to make
over a million dollars on that video so how does this place how does this investment of
$10,000,000 plus dollars how does it become profitable I don't know I just want to make the best video
possible I don't know I'm not a businessman I'm a creator I just I want to make the best
deals possible this helps and I believe as long as we're doing everything in our power to make
the best videos possible people watch them and I don't know I'm a lunatic I think we'll work out
it's a lot of faith in YouTube I've been doing it for 10 years now I'm not losing faith now
I think YouTube is going to get bigger and bigger and bigger it comes installed on every
Android device which is like 85% of all operating systems and 90% of searches in the western
Google which YouTube pops up on I think you know like I've told you guys a little times gaming
viewership in the last two years is doubled like you can throw up the tweet the reports like
that's factual in the last two years and two years ago gaming was freaking huge and it's doubled
I think YouTube in 10 years is going to be bigger than we all imagine I have no freaking down my mind
so you're expanding digitally now across the world you're also expanding physically with Mr. Beast Burger
oh so dude it's so funny because we got so much stuff going on I'm like oh that's kind of
everything yeah and they're like oh yeah that's right we have Mr. Beast Burger
I was sitting here earlier before we started recording and I got a notification on my watch
that was like hey here's a promo for Beast Burger was it at 4 p.m. yes oh perfect yeah that's
what's when we sent out the notifications today because that's about it's the perfect time where
if you're ordering lunch around like five or six like it's a reminder but I was just like dinner sorry
did you say ordering oh okay I was about to say you say you say ordering I was like what time do
you eat lunch yeah so like the conversions best yeah and it's also like by tweet about it or
do a post like yeah I had to start I'm an idiot I don't know I never ran a restaurant like
sometimes I do like a swipe up at like 10 p.m. from Beast Burger right right most the restaurants
are closed right then one day I was like man these swipes aren't really doing much and then I
realized I'm doing it whenever all our restaurants are closed and I started doing it like 4 p.m.
and I'm like oh I'm an idiot Beast Burger obviously that's everywhere in the US yep over a thousand
locations over a thousand locations the fries are amazing every time I talk to them I love the
fries did you know your fries are really good fries are really good talk to me about when does
Beast Burger become a physical place I can walk into well what's what we were talking about before
the podcast we're working on breaking ground in our first place our first physical restaurant I
won't spoil where okay but yeah we got the first one in progress and eventually I want to
scale up and do other ones I got some fun I don't know if it's possible like I'm gonna say
stuff it might not be doable so if this isn't what ends up happening like it's not on me I'm
gonna push the boundaries but I would love to what's also different because the COVID world but
I you know how like McDonald's you just always have the slides behind yeah yeah yeah I want those
back I will put those at Beast Burger locations I want to and now the other stuff I'm not gonna
say because if I don't do it then people are going to be like you should do this but I have a bunch
of ideas like modernize the restaurant um but maybe there's a reason restaurants so we'll see
as uh we're designing the first one currently have you thought about how you keep customers
coming back like is there a retention strategy at the restaurant yeah uh well hopefully it's just
the food's amazing you know what I mean um and I I mean everything I who have obviously I
think I'm I'm waking up but I'm obsessing over how to make the best YouTube videos possible so
as we build out the Beast Burger team like whoever it is like yeah I don't I don't want people to have
to wait in a line at a fast food I don't want to like whatever other people are doing I don't
care I want to be a modern restaurant that just it's on everyone somehow I don't know how I don't
care I don't care if it makes money just I want the best experience possible yeah that's going
to be really cool because you think about those as like sets for your no I think it's just a
independent business like it's uh I mean Beast Burger has a kind of good ring to it like five guys
like yeah yeah yeah five guys didn't exist and I was like hey I'm gonna go start a company name five
guys you'd be like I mean that's not that crazy I mean I'm like I like the name Beast Burger I think
the the menus phenomenal like I think it has a chance like independent images to grow you know
me like if five guys can be successful like why can't Beast Burger you know especially for obsessed
innovating and adapting and just re-investing everything just literally what I did on YouTube
I want to do with the restaurant like it makes money it's profitable and I'm just like yeah just
keep it like grow grow like don't give me the money you know it's not keep growing eventually take
the money put it into the main channel uh with that one I just wanted to keep just
re-investing and just growing and growing and oh go build another restaurant go do whatever you know
which business outside of the main channel and and YouTube are you most excited about
that you're involved in? No I mean at the end I would give it all up for the main channel
that I just want to be the biggest YouTuber I could possibly be and make the best videos possible
that you got to have laser-like focus if you lose focus and you get too scattered brand then you
just like that's how you just fall off or like we see a lot of creators they start doing too
many things and then like their content fades and what got them where they was isn't there anymore
and when the channel dies so do all those businesses and stuff like that like yeah laser-like focus
I just want to be the best YouTuber I can. Why do you want to be the best YouTuber? I don't
fucking know you know I just ever since I was 13 I just made the decision I was going to be
YouTuber I was going to die trying sounds different hearing me say now but I had that type of like
devotion when I was younger like even when people would tell me it's crazy when ever no odds
in my favor with no equipment no nothing no social skills no editing no camera no one to teach me
no one to help me I just like I don't care I'm gonna figure it out I'm gonna die trying and I like
even in high school like you know when I'm 17 and not making any money well I'm making money off
YouTube like a hundred bucks a month but nothing crazy and I have horrible grades and like you know
people are like okay well you're gonna do after high school and I'm like I'm a video YouTuber
and they'd be like how and I'd be like I don't know but I want to make it happen and it's like
I just it's just I feel like it was programmed in me that sounds weird but I just feel like
I just have DNA that just like you're gonna be a YouTuber like not and since I was destined to make
it but that like that's just how my brain has been like I'm gonna be a YouTuber or I'm gonna be
80 with a thousand subscribers like there's no world where I wasn't a YouTuber in my future like
that was it people thought it was crazy it didn't make sense it didn't make sense to me that I was
like I'm gonna be a YouTuber and people be like I don't know I'm gonna be one I'm just gonna
figure it out I don't care like if I never made it you know and I only had five thousand subscribers
I would probably be working at McDonald's still just grinding YouTube every hour I'm not working
and like just going hard to fuck until I became a YouTuber do you ever entertain the possibility
that one day you won't care about being the biggest YouTuber I guess that's not my main focus
but the main goal as it should be is to make the best videos possible because if you're making
the best videos possible you'll get all the things you want like if I want to go be spur or
we'll make the best videos possible but I want to be the biggest YouTuber and make the best videos
possible so that is what I guess I might have misspoke earlier that is what the laser focus should be
making the best videos possible and 99% of what a creator once will happen if you do that and I mean
I'm going on 10 years and I love them more than anything you took my channel away from me like
I don't know what I would do yeah one thing I think I've learned about you just spending time with
you here is that you love strategy I do you love strategy like first of all we went into Jimmy's
kitchen and there's so many versions of Katan yeah I like Katan more than monopoly because monopoly
which I was telling you guys is like very dice and lock face for Katan is so strategic and like
data and stuff like that also if you ever play poker with Jimmy he's got a lot of strategies
I love it he's got a lot of strategy and I had no strategy yeah then I think Jimmy was like you
really need to be having strategy you shouldn't have done what you just did I was like three times
in a row like every time like the flop would happen and he just fold I'd like at least act like
yeah helping me have a better game against him what is uh what does Mr. Beast do for fun uh I don't
if you're not making videos I mean in a perfect world I'd love to go hang out with Elon Musk or
stuff like that yeah obviously that's not possible um it's like there's levels like if I had like
the perfect front and group I'd go hang out with other entrepreneurs I'd go hang out with people
and just like if right next door there's another youtuber I just walk over there and be like oh
teach me something that at the end is what I love the most but whatever anime or stuff I try to
just work as much as I can because I don't know I just enjoy it you know yeah is your dream that
more um creators come here yeah I mean I'd even just be in friends with them like I call you like
at least once a week pretty religiously mom you know I have a rotation of that but I just I'd
love to like revamp the list of people I call every week like I always just call people to people
listening and just like be like you don't teach me something that's how you stay on on on your
A game and you're always learning and I don't know I feel like it's just run dry like you know I
I don't I haven't I haven't met like a new youtuber in like months that I'm like wow like
this guy's a genius and I'm not saying there's not one I'm saying I haven't found that person like
I'm actively like right now like I would hire someone to just give like I'm pay serious money
for someone just give me a list of like up-and-coming youtubers that I could like talk to on a weekly
basis and just learn from you know what I mean yeah and I I don't know it used to be so abundant
before but you know I've talked to probably 500 youtubers at this point so I was like squeeze
the list dry you know what I mean yeah but yeah that I would I would love more than anything just to
talk to other support youtubers and learn from them even any theories as to why that is that it's
run dry I don't know I mean you choose to be in the never more creators are coming up than ever
so I don't know why I mean like you know obviously you got a rock and Tyler all the air on
they come up and I'm sure there are tons of other people I don't know why I'm showing them to find
them I mean there's probably so many people that went from like whatever 100,000 subscribers to
over a million in the last year probably 10,000 plus you know I mean yeah but I don't know where's
the master list you know I mean someone give it to me you know well but the hardest thing is
probably like 90% of them do it as a hobby which is nothing wrong with that but they're not like
laser focused intense you know I mean not like probably 99% of all you know I mean like I need a
list of that hundred that are like I'm living and breathing it and obsessed you know what what do
you think that like the archetype is of someone who comes and either works with you or works for
you here like what type of person yeah yeah um I mean the biggest thing is you got me interested
in the YouTube space like even if you're like the best at logistics person in the world like if
you don't love YouTube you're not you know you're not interested in learning about it you're probably
not gonna have too much success because everything we do is from the standpoint of making the videos
because it's possible so if you're not obsessed about that it doesn't matter if you can figure out
how to get a truck on Mars you know I mean if you get it there and it's not positioned the right way
or just have certain things inside of it that makes good content or dot it out whatever's best
for content then it doesn't really do much for us you know what I mean and if someone wants to like
let's say someone doesn't want to be a YouTuber but they'd love to work for a YouTuber like how do
you learn to do that how do you how do you study that that's a hard thing that I mean for people
we're interested I mean we just bring them down and just have a shout-out to us all our people
and we just dump our brain in them but for people that don't have that opportunity I mean just study
YouTube watch a ton of YouTube I mean on like people trash on internships and I don't we don't
really do them but if if I wanted to learn how to be a YouTuber I would just find or an internship
with a smart YouTuber and just be like yo you don't you have to pay me I'll work my butt off
just let me learn you know just like just let me do this until I feel like I've learned
enough and like you would learn so much from people doing that I actually think though that one
thing that you can do because like you said everything relates back to the video every a lot of
what you're talking about relates back to retention actually and like how to how to make someone
what's the point of making a video if you don't watch it exactly so I feel like one strategy of
studying when you say study YouTube is taking a YouTube video whether it's yours or another really
popular video right we were talking about a box yesterday because that's the closest thing to
what we're trying to do right is box and so I think one strategy is to take that video and actually
take a note pad out and just write what's happening in the video exactly literally write down like
the first 30 seconds what is happening and that's what I did with your FBI video because I was like
okay let me just understand what was Jimmy talking about what's happening in this video
and then when you write it down you're like wait a second 40 seconds has gone by this many scene
changes have happened how many was it like it doesn't it was at over 12 yeah yeah it was over 12
scene changes there was introduction of new information at each maybe you know six seconds and
you had added in a twist by 40 seconds where the telephone the telephone the entire time there's
tension of him chasing me exactly so and the scene changes actually the first scene change where
it's like a drone shot of you sprinting yeah it happens in like probably four seconds yeah right
and so then I was like wait a second okay so we now we we are going to do that exact thing we
don't make videos like that but we have to in that amount of time have that much happen exactly
so how do we do that and that I think just again you've you've called me for a year everyone knows
you've called me once a week for a year but coming here every time dumb strontists do this which
yeah as weird as it sounds that's usually what it takes like I coach the guy from like
like I mean the guy who's been doing YouTube like six or seven years and like he was like making like
whatever like $20,000 a month and I coached him up to the point where he's making like $250
grand a month yeah and like by it it was like oh similar story to you like a constant year I mean
just beating his head and be like no you didn't get to do this and he'd be like no like here's
why do this this is this if you like that's wrong but whatever there comes a point where you can't
like you can't force someone to do it so you just back up and and then eventually usually people
like come around to and they try it and then they try a few things also easy to convince yourself
that like you're not you don't make the type of content that could get that many views right but
you guys should be getting in a pervert world like four or five million views a video right you
should right like there's you guys are smart enough like if it's not then it just wasn't a good
enough video in my opinion right I mean even the videos we did that are your most few videos
could be way better right what do you think gets us to a million subscribers well subscribers
is an arbitrary okay so million views no you should ask me what helps us make the best videos
possible that's the only question you should ask me subscribers don't matter views don't matter
I mean they do yeah but all that comes everything you want as a creator comes from making the best
videos possible and thumbnails but it's easier to you know make thumbnails the video parts the hard
part and that's the thing that you're known for no one's known for having no one's like the
biggest YouTube in the world because they have the best thumbnails right it's also because they
have great phenomenal content you know I mean like that that's the hard part that very people do
well and that's what people remember you know I mean like you're gonna have some random dude when
you're walking down the street a pair of skill like yo that's the guy with the great thumbnails you
know they're gonna be like no that's the guy with the phenomenal videos that whatever you know
held his breath for 40 minutes underwater or things like that so that's a tip for you guys but
also you guys watching ask how can I make my videos better do that every single day for years
and then you'll probably get views I feel a lot like if we put out a video and we're frantically
changing thumbnails afterwards we're already way too far gone like not that it doesn't help
to change your packaging but I know when we have a really good video exactly like I know it's
really good and that the title and the thumbnail if you upload a video and you're not like
you're not like this is a banger this is gonna bang no doubt in my mind even though you're gonna
be wrong nine percent of the time then it's not a good enough yeah you still have to have that
feeling even if you should have spent more time like the audience tell you you're wrong don't put
it out when you already know you're wrong exactly yeah yeah 100 percent how do you know when you're
wrong how do you know because you have some videos you have enough it's 10 out 10 yeah and it
did worse than you're the nine videos and it's like okay but you have videos you don't even upload
sometimes definitely I mean you just the thing is like it's it's a lot harder for us because like
what we're doing are big productions of those span of months things get distorted I visualize
the giant amount of money and this and someone scooping it up in a tractor and then you do it and
it's not as epic you're like oh this is kind of lame you know what I mean like um so it's just
I just watch it honestly and I just like if there's ever a moment where I'm even slightly bored
I'm like cut it and if there's something where I'm not just like wow you know like the whole time
then it's like don't upload it it's it's not good it doesn't weigh on you at all that you're like
man but I've probably invested over a hundred videos in my life like completely filmed I've spent
probably I don't even want to pull number on it but but ungodly amounts of money on on videos
in real life that don't get uploaded I don't give a fuck best video possible or get it on my face
I don't care what's the last video you did enough load uh well it might this one is kind of
on the fence we're re-editing it but uh if you never see it then uh we did a video where we built
like 10 sets and I built like 10 rep because of banks it was uh robbed this bank I'll give you
a hundred thousand dollars and then so like bank vault number one the the boys had to break into
the bank and whoever broke into the bank first got what was inside in the vaults empty and the
and I'm like so this vaults empty and some of the other vaults empty but one of these vaults
when you open it will get a hundred grand and so they had to break in so there's like they had
to break into a bunch of banks and all them were empty and then after like nine ones the tenth one
which they're like none of these banks have the money in they finally break in I think I don't
want to spoke but one of the boys broke in and then they opened it and there's a hundred thousand
dollars in cash it's like congratulations you robbed the correct bank and it's cool but the sets
were a little bland and the bits weren't as funny um and you know I just I didn't think it was
as good as it could be but hopefully on our we're like on our twelfth at it hopefully this one
maybe fixes some of the problems I'm having what's the hardest video you've ever made whether it
came out on the channel or not oh boy oh well let's see oh god Tariq you have any inspiration
throughout me yeah I mean I'm team trees was I mean I enjoyed it but that was that was a ton man
I mean me a marker overworked on that for like eight months leading up to it I don't want to
overestimate maybe seven or six and I was like it started with me wanting to plant a million trees
and I was reaching out to all these youtubers that you know do environmental stuff and the
gist was just like you're crazy you're like this just isn't possible you just can't plant a
million trees so like it takes like hours to plant like a hundred and they're like what are you
thinking and then I'm like you know mark can you build me something to plant trees and like some
me and mark are like scheming how to plant a million trees and then I was closing it on 20 million
subscribers and I like I did like this thing where I gave my three million subscriber pennies four
million subscribers like popcorn five million blah blah and someone on reddit was like you should
give your 20 million subscriber or for 20 million subscribers you should plant 20 million trees I was
like mark I know a million is impossible but get this let's plant 20 million trees to celebrate me
hitting 20 million subscribers and he's like you're a fucking idiot and I was like let's do it and
then we're like you know as we ran down the rabbit hole we're like there's no world where we're
doing this and they're like well what if we gather all our fans and we do like different events
and plant them and then we're like nope that would still only plant like a hundred thousand like
that that won't work and then we're like like okay well what if we pay people to do it and then
or what if we do seed drives what what if we have our fans buy seeds we sell seeds at cost they buy
they plant in their yard and then we do research for a month and we're like it's an it could be
innovation species you could do more harm than good I don't know if I trust 14 year old Billy to
understand whether or not they can plant that next to a pine tree so then we're like and we're going
off for months on months we're just figuring out how the hell we plant 20 million trees every week
we're having calls and then we we I don't remember how well we got connected with the Arbor Day
Foundation and they've planted like I don't know the exact number but I know it's over a hundred
million trees their experts like this is this is what they do and they're just like yeah we can
plant a tree they told us their cost and we're like can you get it down to a dollar and they're
like I mean yeah at scale we could we can plant a tree for a dollar and I was like boom there you
go in the market we're like okay all we need is 20 million dollars and they can plant the 20 million
trees for my 20 million subscribers I'm already past 20 million subscribers at this point but I'm
like fuck it we're in too deep and then now it's like okay how do we get 20 million dollars so
we can plant 20 million trees and then we it's just started figuring out slow again it's like
there's so much stuff that never even made the internet like trick shot for trees we were
gonna try to make a viral TikTok trend and get it where like you did a trick shot and if you missed
you had to donate 10 dollars to plant 10 trees and then you had to challenge someone else like
ripping off a less ice bucket challenge yeah and so we're developing this for like a month and
then we're like literally like testing it and then like I'm shooting a trick shot donating trees
I'm challenging people like in these fake videos and we're like roasting and we're like no this
isn't gonna go viral like no no one cares right um and then we're just workshopping all this
and then I don't know how we landed on it but then we're just like know what we're just gonna
get our audience to donate and we're just gonna get every youtuber we know to make videos on it
and we're gonna just magically pray we don't only raise five hundred thousand dollars and look
like the biggest idiots on planet and so we somehow got a list uh it wasn't from youtubers like
some company that does a lot of youtube data they sell to like media companies and they they just
gave us a list of like all the biggest youtubers like on an excel sheet and me and mark just like
it took forever man we're just going down the list and I'd be like do they follow you on twitter
now do they follow me on twitter no do they follow and we check our instagram we'd find some way
to reach out to that creator or someone who follows us that follows them we'd be like hey get us
in contact and we'd be like hey doing this thing make a video about trees tell your fans every
dollar they donate boom and we went down this list DMed over a thousand of the biggest creators
got hundreds of them to make videos on it they all launched at the same time as our videos
and like and yeah in the first day we raised millions of dollars and crushed our 20 million dollar
goal the quote of the night is all we needed was 20 million dollars but that campaign that wasn't
the problem that's it's wild man there's so many like literally it was six months to me just
means and mark mark more so than me I'm of the kind of like oh let's do an h what marks like
every other day we'd have mental breakdowns we're like we're not going to raise 20 million dollars
what are we crazy like we should we should do two million dollars and I'd just be like
nah let's do 20 million dollars I hit 20 million subscribers mark it's a funny story and then
I would convince them I'd be like uh and also it's 20 million dollars by 2020 see it's a good slogan
and he's like oh well if you put it that way I guess we'll just keep the unrealistic go I mean
that was a big success that was that was huge success it is the biggest thing I've ever done yeah
I mean literally not all 20 million have been planted I think like 13 12 13 someone there has
been planted I think all of them all 20 million will be planted by the end of next year
and yeah I think that's a really good example of like you make the best videos possible and then
you can do anything like you do such interesting things like if you want to plant 20 million trees
you could do that if you're making good videos yeah but like and the thing is like 99% of people
even if you had that ideal like I mean that was so much time man so much times and so many like
it started with a million and it's like a half a year of just non-stop obsession and grinding
and reaching out and learning and learning and learning and trick shot for trees and this and
that all just culminating to that final end point and like 99% of people would have gave up like
they would have gone I want to plant a million trees and someone would have gone you could only
plant a hundred and they would have been like oh whoa goes if you do it do you think attention
is the most valuable currency in the world well of course I mean if you could post something
in everyone in the world of watch it you'd be the most powerful man on earth so of course simple
question yeah it's just curious if you had that opinion I do yeah yeah I have the same opinion
that's where that conversation ends so then what you did with Mark was really successful do you
have plans to do something different with him yeah so this year it's a few days after the two
year anniversary of team trees were launching team sees I don't want to give away too many spoilers
you know one dollar might get something out of the ocean we'll reveal it then but if you are
creator which I know you guys have a lot of creators so watch you hit me up or Mark Rover team
sees is happening this year we're gonna try to raise more than 20 million dollars which is
terrifying I need your help I'm sick to my stomach thinking about it raise one dollar for every
grain of sand on the beach yeah sure yeah yeah that's the one team trees was definitely the biggest
reaction that I remember yeah like just global headlines yeah everywhere Elon Musk donated a million
dollars so we had this lead aboard the more you donate the higher up you got so like it would like
get like a ego match for people and like so like someone donate 100 grain it'd be number one
and someone donated 101 and someone donated 200 and Elon Musk donated a million dollars to be
number one which I thought was cool and then Toby from Shopify which I love shout out to you you're
like super cool donated like a million and one dollars so he took the swap from Elon and just
sat up there and I thought that was funny I yo Toby if you're watching this when tea sees happens
DM me that'll be fun we expect over a million dollars we expect one million and two
yeah I'm kidding even if you don't donate it just be cool to get your thoughts on it but over a
million and two would be nice oh is that what we're doing just curious billionaires every billionaires
we write if you don't donate I'm curious just if you in terms of YouTube like I'm really curious
your perspective on the vlogging format like creators like Emma Chamberlain okay like how do you
think that plays into the concept of like she I mean her viewership is really significant and
sometimes she's just like at her house making coffee and making a peanut butter jelly sandwich
sure like how do you think she captures that much attention well I mean it is entertaining she's
an actually funny person and like that is a skill being like I I couldn't do that or if I did
like it wouldn't be so off the cuff like she she's just an actually witty and funny person like
Chris in my videos yeah one of the wittiest people I've ever met my life like you could just drop
this gatorate bottle and he'd say something I just make you laugh like crazy and it's like how
where did that come from right but at the same time you're limited by a personality like she's
doing well she's you know top 1% of creators but I mean how many views a month like 40 or something
like it's great it's phenomenal but it's like there's she's tied down to a personality if you
don't like Emma then you're not gonna watch her videos you know what I mean and so there's only
so big that can take you and even if you do get super big it's like literally just all on your
shoulders it's a lot of weight and a lot of pressure so that is a lot of pressure because the
product of the video is your personality well yeah because if you're depressed or you're going
through stuff you know it's harder to make videos you know I mean but yeah at the same time like
you know a lot of people just enjoy making that type of content so yeah that's true yeah I asked
you yeah yesterday do you need to be in a good mood to film a video and you kind of say you
you said like I don't really have a choice because if I don't then I just burned half a million
dollars yeah on some videos here but also your format lends itself that that you don't always have
to be in a good mood because like it's the story work that went in beforehand that ensures
the reaction whereas like for Emma she probably doesn't need to be in a good mood exactly like
she does have to be in a good place for her personality it's like two drastically different creators
yeah it's almost like do you try and take out a lot of those variables when you're planning a video
I don't know I just do whatever I think we'll make the best video possible I mean I hate to
always fall back on it but that that's that's the driver it's just whatever I think we'll make
the best video possible like if I thought telling people more about myself or being more
personal and make the video better I would do it but I think most people like for the most part
like they want to see me run for an FBI agent they don't want Nick hear me go oh also guys
tomorrow's my mom's birthday you know what I mean like they're there to see me run for an FBI
agent you know what I mean so but we did tweet about the caller daddy's podcast yeah you replied
to that tweet you said I'm starting a podcast yeah there was a lot of people who are excited about
that we were like they people took it as a real headline yeah there was some people press out
list that said Mr. Beast announced his podcast I mean I the only reason I would do a podcast is to
make money to be able to do big YouTube videos so if I thought that I could make enough for
and make a difference I'd be able to album my content 100% I'd do it it's just like that it's
it's happy study big YouTubers it happens time and time and time again they like they get big they
start side projects they lose focus their channel falls off and then all that stuff fades away
with it you know what I mean you just you got to be focused at the end of the day that that's
what matters main channel Mr. Beast on all this other stuff supports it you know what I mean
right now when you download the YouTube app your picture is on there yeah yeah on the Google
Play Store on the Google Play Store yeah so on the Google Play Store when you download YouTube your
pictures on there yeah how much do you interact with YouTube do you give them advice on YouTube
not really no do they reach out to you at all I mean at the end of the day like what am I gonna tell
the there are me of a hundred people or a thousand people that work on this part of the thing
that like yeah my five second thought of opinions better than their analysis you know I mean
no I think they do a good job I think they they take responsibility um and I just it's crazy
that you if you have a hundred subscribers you have five subscribers if you upload a good enough
video it will get views like if you're not you're just I don't want to make such a definitive
thing take this to the grandson I don't majority of the time you're just not making a good enough
video if it's not getting views you know what I mean um if that's your goal to get views obviously
if your goal is not to give views then who cares you know what I mean um but you can get a million
views on a video even if you have a hundred subscribers if the views good enough you can promise
I've seen it happen a bunch so next to YouTube right under it is there a platform that you like
the most next to YouTube no I mean I I like them but it's YouTube YouTube it's what I live
and breathe take them all away I don't care I just want YouTube YouTube is the future in my
opinion of television it's the biggest it's it's not going anywhere it's the most dominant and
I just I love YouTube more than anything why do you think it's so dominant like what makes you
I told you like Android you know come on Android phones Google and it's just has such a deep
catalog and there's so many people on it has the best monetization program like you know YouTube
paid creators more than any other platform in history you know probably more than the other
platforms combined you know what I mean and it's just I love it I love it so much I don't know
I think the algorithm also promotes better storytelling like the barrier to entry of the title
and the thumbnail if you actually back up that title and thumbnail it requires that you told
a compelling story agree like when it comes down to retention if you actually keep someone from
zero to 15 minutes you've done a good job of telling a story my my problem when I load up YouTube
on my TV is that there's too many videos I want to watch it's gotten too good at recommending
me videos that I see like four on the top row and like the top you know top half of like another four
and I'm just like I want to watch all these what do I do what type of videos are those like
what you know probably be like how US aircraft carrier gets food and our delivers mail you know
air flight patterns of planes and then this one will be like how this random guy on reddit
turned a thousand dollars into a million and and stuff like that you know and and then there's
like the random like what Aristotle taught people in 10,000 years whatever go stuff like that
um but yeah it's always like they're always so interesting and I know like like I'm going to watch
most these videos because I've watched thousands of videos on my accounts so it's like it knows
what I'm I'm going to watch and it's just like it's it's so hard at this point for me I don't
know if other people have this problem like the algorithm's getting so good that I think they need
to serve less videos because I don't I'd stress as me out I'm like like which one do I pick
there I want to watch them all is there an analytic that you wish you had uh the I would love
to be able to see what a bunch which one do I say that's horrible I would love a to be able to
do ab testing thumbnails I think we all agree like that would only be second I'd love to see
like if someone if someone watches selling houses for a dollar right they watch this video they watch
all the way into the end and I would love to be able to see like if they win watch another video
and another one right or a better example be like like it did last sleep circle for 10 grand
right I'd love to be able to see okay well every well a lot of people who watch this when
then win a watch like last sleep slime and then actually you can't see that I just wish I don't
know like which there's this an easier way to show it like follow because you're strong you mean
well you can click on a video suggest and see which video suggest it I guess yeah I guess I'm
just too lazy to dig through that um it just be cool to be able to see the viewing patterns of
first but the more I'm speaking at the more I'm realizing there'd probably be privacy concerns
yeah if you could follow a user so yeah so now I'm gonna start back like maybe that is but you
mean like an aggregate like if it said like but it does kind of show you that yes people from this
video are coming to you this I'm an idiot and that just disregard everything I just said
there the the more I think about the dumber that was so there was a couple things on your financial
statements that I found really interesting yeah we're back yeah yeah just you loved the finance
yeah I loved it that was my favorite they're fun to talk about because no one's ever seen them
before yeah yeah so one of the the parts of your financial statement was also merchandise and I
feel like it's not something we hear about that often with you unless it's like you're writing
everyone's name yeah um how do you interact with that are you like does it interest you I
saw that it's like available in retailers yeah we're in zoomies and that's going well I um I don't
know I don't I I just like I'm so obsessed with like making the best feels possible that I just
yeah I hate promoting merch and videos because it drives people off to sight which hurts
retention and and you get promoted less and then if someone's going to watch that video in the
next video will they watch this video you send them to buy merch they don't watch that next video
all around it's so it's like I could make I mean ungodly amounts of money if I promote
and merch every video but I just don't want it I just want to make the best feels possible you know
so um yeah it's it's yeah not what it could be basically fraction of what it could be if I should
like most videos I don't even mention merch imagine if I promote and merch every single video
you know what I mean like yeah I would sell a bunch but I don't know I just just want to make the
best feels possible and I don't think promoting merch makes a video better but sometimes like
but let me back put a little bit sometimes they do need to promote it because some videos cost
over a million dollars and I don't do a million dollars per video and ad revenue so you know yeah
all right so we did a YouTube money calculator to see how much money your channel has made
in total and it's lifetime okay lifetime lifetime okay main channel okay yeah and so that's
often 12 billion views 12 billion views okay so the number it gave us was 28 million dollars
so it's assuming like a two point three dollar RPM interesting I mean obviously I've
spent tens of millions of dollars on my videos so the money has to come from somewhere I won't leave
it at that you know what I mean okay yeah cuz you've spent more than that of course yeah I mean
tens of millions of dollars have gone into my YouTube videos like because I've taken all the money
from the gaming channel the react channel all the other stuff I'm doing on my merch all the
brand deals everything gone right back into it yeah I don't know I mean I mean there's probably
gonna be a day where I'll spend over a billion dollars on just YouTube videos in the future that's
so crazy obviously I'm nowhere near that but I'm talking like you know two decades from now or a decade
yeah yeah but in a year you're spending lots more than I just said yeah yeah way more funny
I mean like some months first paying like four or five million dollars on videos yeah yeah
so crazy I saw it in the financial system yeah yeah that's so I try lighting a soccer field
or something right he kind of I'm renting an NFL stadium yeah or any of that type of stuff it's
expensive but I don't own panels videos yeah as team guys I don't want to get into that man it just
how many people work here I don't know the exact number you know because you know some people
hire and I leave it a lot of yeah but I mean it's it's a lot obviously dozens of fun dozens of
people I'll leave it open for interpretation you guys speculate yeah do you ever feel you talked
about like people always suggested that maybe you would get burnt out on YouTube do you ever feel
burnt out like other times or you feel like I think I tired my definition might be different than
others you know like some people like I'm burnt out screw this I'm done I'm done I'm done you
like never never at that point but yeah like if if I'm going like you know I go from time
again to time I go to bed like three days in a row I'll be like okay like kind of want to like
take half a day off and like chill or like I'll feel like coming and stuff like that but
this is what I'm doing to the day I die I don't care like I love this more than anything nothing's
ever brought me a fraction of the joy what are the in between moments like for you when you're like
buried alive for 50 hours like the because we don't see all of it well you do in between these
things we show time lapse so you could see I was in there the whole time but I mean yeah still
you don't see a reaction I don't see if you're enjoying it in the middle of the point is to
enjoy here let me just put this out there I did not enjoy being buried alive so we're all on the same
page I my back hurt from laying on a wooden board for 50 hours the thing is like um you know
sometimes I got a little claustrophobic and I'd be like oh god I like I can't stand up if I
wanted to and but I'd just be like you know we did our research we tested it we buried the box
for like you know what was it I tricked you know I don't care like five 10 days beforehand like
we did extensive research so every time I'd be like oh god I can't move there's thousands of
pounds of dirt on me I could die I'm like nope did the research trust math I'm not gonna die you know
I had to just remind myself multiple times like nope you're good because like it's it's it was a
see-through coffin so it's different than just a normal one every time I look up I just see
dirt and it's like just the only thing stopping that dirt from just suffocating me and collapsing
on me it's just this last like this thick you know and that's the only thing staying between me and
whatever like eight feet of dirt so we were in one of your meetings yesterday and it's for
when you are coming videos and they brought up that there are bow constrictors and that bow
constrictors were a real threat yeah to this production to you and that you know while they're
not poisonous yeah they can crush your body in a matter of you know minute yeah exactly so we'll
keep the medic within a minute so these discussion was around where the medic should be so I
how many medics we should have yeah we're putting on two medics stations so they're close enough
that they can stop me from getting killed by a bow constrictor so have you developed an appetite
for pain for for for managing fear and discomfort well I mean we just a strategic like we don't we
don't ever do anything where I could die like bear it alive there was a zero percent chance to
anything would happen to me like we did our research we've hired consultants we spent over a
quarter a million dollars spending that company like there was no risk I was probably safer down
there than I was up above the ground and like genuinely I mean that I was safer in that box
than if driving the car home afterwards if you really think about it just like when they say
you're safer in a plane than you are driving a car and so you know it's like we don't leave
anything up to chance we're very tactical and we account for all that stuff but like opportunity
to die is one thing that like just discomfort like feeling oh with this kind of feeling claustrophobic
getting really really sunburned it's weird like like when I count to a hundred thousand or even
before that cut a table and half of plastic knives which took god knows like the days
I'm just sawing because I was in math class when I was in high school and I just like I'd
plastic knife in my pocket from lunch I don't know why I put it there and I just like
saw it a little bit I was like oh well you can cut a table and half like on my desk you can cut
a table half of plastic knife and then I just threw it away and later that day I was like wait a minute
and then I just like I ran to the store late at night and my mom's like what the fuck you doing
just buying knives she didn't know as a youtuber like doing videos back then and I had no money
or anything but I just bought like five dollars worth of plastic knives and I just grabbed one of
our tables and just started cutting it and I hit record and I was like hey guys I'm gonna cut this
table in half of plastic knives and then it's just like I thought it takes like four hours but
like a dozen go buy I'm not even half way done and I'm just like cutting a table in half of plastic
knives I don't know why it was so dumb I think if I was your mom and I was watching a video of you
watching paint dry I'd be like what does Jimmy do thank him on the back end of counting to a hundred
thousand right right after I dropped out of college and had to move out good times yeah he thought
it was going crazy wait so you dropped out of college and then you moved out of your well I
think have we talked I don't think we talked about that I don't know okay we'll talk about college
yeah so I didn't want to go college I don't yeah but I sure you should I'm not saying it's bad
but for me I hate I hate school I hate it I hate it I hate it I just want to make YouTube videos
it's all I ever want to do that's all I ever wanted to do but I didn't have the best grades in school
didn't really have a job I wasn't making enough after I graduated high school so my mom was just like
either you go to college or you move out like you're not going to live here and not go to college
and whatever she wants what's best for me she's not her being mean it's like obviously she didn't
think this magical YouTube thing would work out so she's like you got to have some type of
future you can't just bet it all on the internet forever till you die and um yeah so I just I
want I need to say the story in a way where it doesn't make my mom sound mean because she she
she did it because she loves me but um so I go to college just community college it's not that
expensive whatever and I just couldn't stand it man it made me just so depressed I just I hate it
I hate so I just want to be a YouTuber that's it and so after two weeks literally just two weeks
I just stopped going but I didn't have enough money to move out I wasn't making anything so I
just didn't tell my mom and I would act like it was going to college and then I would like just
sit in my car in the college campus and just work on videos or edit or um just work on a script
or something and then I'd come home and I'd be like hey mom college is great and then I'd keep
working and um that can't last for that long yeah no and thankfully I don't I don't remember what
happened I remember sitting in like on the stairs in front of one of the college classrooms
I was like talking to James one of the people you met and I was like yo I don't know what the
fuck's going on but like I've just been grinding grinding every hour of the day and I just made
like 20 grand a month I was like I'm I'm ready to like tell mom I that I'm failing every class
and I I'm I'm move out tomorrow he's like okay and I just I picture that because it's like 11 pm
and I'm just pacing and then I'm like yeah mom I I'm I have zeros and everything I haven't been
going and I was like I'm move out tomorrow and then I moved out the next day and she was so mad
but I was starting to finally make money and so I could afford to move out and there you go how much
longer after it was uh it that your mom started working with you probably then a year after that
yeah and then I quickly got to the point where I was making her whole salary every month and it was
like why are you working and people thought I was dumb the first thing I did was retired my mom
and people were like why would you do that you should see me for yourself and I was like I love
my mom she's great I'm actually the best mom of the planet like your mom's second
but yeah I put her through a lot with poor grades poor everything and like I mean in a world
where like you know I feel college and nothing comes out of this YouTube thing it's just funny
I think what I could tell from meeting your mom was that your mom loves like the story of you
yeah becoming who you are today she loves it so much yeah around all the other studios and
offices and there's really like there's no photos of you on the wall for the most part there's no
pictures from videos screenshots there's a lot of play buttons a lot of play buttons I'll say that
I'm sure they're playing a clip of them there's a lot of play buttons yeah but it wasn't until we
went to the office where your mom works yeah we walk in and it's like a Mr. Beast museum
and I was like okay so she's the one who's nostalgic yeah about this entire journey yeah because
I met before I did that thing like two weeks into college I was like how I was like trying
to go shit with my mom I was like all right here's the deal I'll go to college if you do all my
homework you do all the homework she's like no I was like I was like I can't do this I was like I
have to make videos like this is this makes me sad this makes me happy and she's like this doesn't
make money this will make money and I'm like but this makes me happy and she's like no and that's
I forgot that part that's when I stopped coming my mom wouldn't agree to do all my homework
now there's funny stories and I don't know why so early in the semester we had this but we had
to pair up with random people to do a project and I had a partner and I just never came back and
like I completely forgot about it but we were supposed to be working on something and like three
months later he messaged me all right no three months all right jump like I'm like two weeks later
he was like yo we still doing this and I was like I'm never coming back to college and he's like so
do I tell the professor and then he messaged me like two months later he's like oh yeah they
ended up going easy on me because my partner left and he like called me and told me about it and
like it was like the writing bit in the class because she just we got a project together assigned
and then I just never came back and he just left with the whole thing and everyone else had a partner
well you may have gotten him a better grade through sympathy exactly that's what he said and so
I'm glad it worked out for him but it was funny I felt so bad it's funny your mom told us that
story too about how when you started making more than her paycheck every month like that's when
she was like oh wow that's a huge we didn't have any money yeah like again I want to over
dramaticize it but we really didn't have much and so like second I could like she didn't have to work
twice on Wednesdays and maybe could take a little bit of time off and she could like actually
breathe for the first time in her life and stuff like that how did she like see that yeah like where
was that money coming from from ad sensor from brand deals or from everything I mean I wasn't
selling merch yeah I mean I was probably doing brand deals for no I didn't even do my first
brand deal until I moved out because I that the 10k brand deals my first one and that was when I was
living at my new house so that was after I dropped out so yeah I was probably doing like 20 30
grand a month in ad revenue so whoever gave you that first 10k brand deal got a lot of bank for
their buck item from quit yeah got it yeah which he works at current now and he's really smart oh
that's cool he's cool we still work together to this day it's funny because he's crazy yeah that's
crazy yeah you've had a lot of long-term relationships with with these because I'm not going anywhere
I'm gonna be here in 10 years yeah that's interesting like with honey in with with current like those
are like that now it sounds like it's even longer term with Adam that's cool exactly I mean
hiring Adam is cheat codes for your company because he just knows so many creators and like
if he was a set some company that's doing like a million dollars a year in revenue or whatever I'd
still probably work with them just because I like do you know what I mean yeah it's kind of funny
so this space now this is now the official like biggest single investment you've made of course
by a 20 billion fold and as we like you guys are only seeing the inside of this space but there's
also a lot of space yeah I don't know if I want to go too in depth but more acres than you could
ever need we're going to build 20,000 square feet of office we're going to build a replica of this
I mean the problem is like I talked about before if you you know we have multiple warehouses but
if you since the videos take months to do and you know when I want to upload and I do a world
for a month so any videos take 90 days to do you know what I mean like that's 12 videos that in
the next 90 days you got to do and and if you're not working on them now then they won't happen
at 90 days and so it's the bottlenecks space you know what I mean like I've told you guys
this a million times this is for for you guys like if you know one video is taking up all of our
studio well we have 11 other videos to work on they can't have until that and so we just need
tons of space to be able to work on videos months in advance because if we don't they don't happen
you know what I mean what do you think would be like a dream collaboration or dream video to do
out of here do you have something like that oh dream collaboration or dream video
not dream but yeah like dream yeah yeah I mean if he did a face reveal
yeah he would be like me get the call for that but if he did like and one of our videos he just
pulled out his mask that would be yeah yeah just all them I mean if I can pick whatever I want
yeah craft the ultra viral video it'd be like corpse and dream and all these people lined up
and it's just like the one after another just take the mask off guaranteed 200 million views
I know I wait when we were playing basketball last night and Sapnap was like yeah live with dream I was like
oh wow so you've seen the baby you want to sketch it out for us ask you or do I not ask you
what do I do what color is size yeah that's funny yeah that would be a very viral video yeah
of course well obviously that one you just don't need all this space for that that's true or
maybe you do maybe you do it in a way where you do need space my dream is uploading consistently
which yeah that that is a bigger thing um we just we're all like some months I don't even upload
videos some months we upload four videos some months we upload one it's just like what does
consistently mean for you is that once a week or is that or you're just saying any right now I just
want to upload once a week but to a long term in the future like three plus years from now I'd
love to get to the point where we're doing two original giant spectacles never wore seem better than
everyone else fucking huge ginormous best video in the game world videos twice a week do you think
that any of your other videos are sorry do you think any of the other channels will pass your
main channel ever no I mean even like foreign language even like India like could India the
Hindi one could that pass the main one audience wise more people could watch it but I doubt it would
pass the main just because you know it's dumb it will get up there though large percentage like
that's fun y'all channel and I'm sure you're you're showing it as we're doing this like it's
getting two plus million views per video and you know I mean it's the same videos stop you know
I mean yeah so which is that already is wild for dub content totally but it's like this it's
actually a classic strategy and every other yeah every day or whatever yeah or a huge
bit of anime and like I saw this one video of Naruto where they like compare a really emotional
scene in like 10 different languages and it's just fun I mean when I used to go to India when I
was a kid I would watch friends and Hindi like really you know it's up there yeah and like do you
speak Hindi I understand it fluently I don't speak it here is sentence and Hindi sure yeah
come on yeah must stay up there say who interesting okay that means hi how are you doing
trick you want to talk in Arabic let's do it all let's do it all what's that word you always say
oh baby baby yeah have babies like for a friend or a salam alaykum alaykum it's like
yeah peace be upon you it's calming just to hear people talk about it yeah I don't know why
it really they're watching to learn more about youtube they're taking notes so I'm just like
hey drink talking Arabic and like okay cameraman talks in Arabic
comedian cameraman speaks Arabic okay we got the word is interesting like if you don't know
what someone else is saying it's a different language you can sort of like surrender the fact that
you need to understand exactly that you need to pay like pay attention to comprehend you're just
listening I kind of get that you know yeah we're just like I do I don't have to I just get to
enjoy that yeah I just sit there and lullaby yeah yeah but that's why visual storytelling is so
important like just stuff that doesn't need language that's like the stuff that at least I've
seen ghost the most what and I know we've been going on for a while but now it is the time to hit
us the most important question because you're re-hoking the viewers you're telling them this video
is not over what's the big question to keep them watching last time you were on our channel
you told everyone that if they subscribed you would pick one of them and give away a thousand
or actually no you're telling that we would give away a thousand we did it we didn't we filmed it
too yes my question now for you is if people are watching this video and they subscribe how much
money do they they get either we do okay how about this if you subscribe not you but one
random person that does I'll give you this gatorade bottle I'm gonna give it to you okay and
don't give you five hundred bucks okay deal you can get this unopened here let me let me make
it less valuable okay here we'll just drink a sip clip this sell this on eBay with this clip
someone pay five hundred dollars for this that we are literally gonna take this so if you subscribe
to the channel you can win this and you can win it five hundred bucks there you go one random
person all you gotta do is hit that subscribe button we're closing it on a million subscribers
the second they just start getting seventy percent of attention on a video we're closing in
the second they do the things I tell yeah yeah all right can't wait to find out who gets this
whoever gets it don't drink it watch this gets like NFT yeah that's gonna get
NFT okay cool I mean I'm happy I'm happy that's awesome yeah well that means we should
abruptly in it for good retention